IssueDTC rulebook: travel_document_type (#257)
APTITUDE-Consortium/aptitude-eudi-wallet-specs: docs/rulebook/wp3/dtc-rulebook.md

The primary objective of the DTC is to facilitate secure and privacy-preserving identity verification and travel document validation at border crossing points and during travel. The DTC is designed to complement existing physical travel documents (e.g. passports, visas) by providing a digital equivalent that supports selective disclosure, offline and online presentation and strong cryptographic verification.

Within the APTITUDE context, the target model is the ICAO DTC Type 2, bound to a physical eMRTD and derived using mechanisms aligned with European regulations and ICAO guidelines. Type 2 is therefore considered the primary and preferred implementation model. However, the framework may also support ICAO DTC Type 1 where it is based on an LDS (Logical Data Structure) signed by the official passport authority. In such cases, the DTC-VC is encapsulated within an attestation stored in the EUDI Wallet, ensuring that it remains cryptographically linked to a physical component and provides sufficient assurance for border control use cases.

> This attestation Rulebook specified herewidth aims at supporting implementation of DTC bound to an EUDI Wallet and a physical eMRTD, aligned with the philosophy of DTC Type 2 as defined by ICAO. This attestation Rulebook assumes the eMRTD is an eMRTD issued by an EU Member State or a Schengen Associated Country, and thus supporting the Chip Authentication mechanism and containing a DG14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This attestation Rulebook specified herewith aims at supporting the implementation of DTC bound to an EUDI Wallet and a physical eMRTD, aligned with the philosophy of DTC Type 2 as defined by ICAO. This attestation Rulebook assumes the eMRTD is an eMRTD issued by an EU Member State or a Schengen Associated Country, and thus supports the Chip Authentication mechanism and contains a DG14.
```
